com/example/main/ClaseCita.java
 com.example.main.ClaseCita
com/example/main/Tab2_pedidos_hechos.java
 com.example.main.Tab2_pedidos_hechos
 com.example.main.Tab2_pedidos_hechos$1
 com.example.main.Tab2_pedidos_hechos$2
 com.example.main.Tab2_pedidos_hechos$3
com/example/main/MainActivity.java
 com.example.main.MainActivity
 com.example.main.MainActivity$1
 com.example.main.MainActivity$2
 com.example.main.MainActivity$3
 com.example.main.MainActivity$4
 com.example.main.MainActivity$5
 com.example.main.MainActivity$6
 com.example.main.MainActivity$7
 com.example.main.MainActivity$8
 com.example.main.MainActivity$9
com/example/main/Catalogo.java
 com.example.main.Catalogo
 com.example.main.Catalogo$1
 com.example.main.Catalogo$MyAdapter
 com.example.main.Catalogo$ViewHolder
com/example/main/XMLPPHPresupuestos.java
 com.example.main.XMLPPHPresupuestos
com/example/main/Citas.java
 com.example.main.Citas
 com.example.main.Citas$1
 com.example.main.Citas$2
 com.example.main.Citas$3
 com.example.main.Citas$3$1
 com.example.main.Citas$4
com/example/main/Tab1_NuevoPedido.java
 com.example.main.Tab1_NuevoPedido
 com.example.main.Tab1_NuevoPedido$1
 com.example.main.Tab1_NuevoPedido$2
 com.example.main.Tab1_NuevoPedido$ProductoPedido
com/example/main/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.main.BuildConfig
com/example/main/clasePartner.java
 com.example.main.clasePartner
com/example/main/NuevaCita.java
 com.example.main.NuevaCita
 com.example.main.NuevaCita$1
com/example/main/XMLPPPartners.java
 com.example.main.XMLPPPartners
com/example/main/clasePresupuesto.java
 com.example.main.clasePresupuesto
com/example/main/tablasSQLHelper.java
 com.example.main.tablasSQLHelper
com/example/main/DetallePresupuesto.java
 com.example.main.DetallePresupuesto
com/example/main/Envios.java
 com.example.main.Envios
 com.example.main.Envios$1
 com.example.main.Envios$2
com/example/main/Mapa.java
 com.example.main.Mapa
com/example/main/SectionsPageAdapter.java
 com.example.main.SectionsPageAdapter
com/example/main/XMLPullParserHandler.java
 com.example.main.XMLPullParserHandler
com/example/main/Pedidos.java
 com.example.main.Pedidos
 com.example.main.Pedidos$1
com/example/main/new_edit_partners.java
 com.example.main.new_edit_partners
 com.example.main.new_edit_partners$1
 com.example.main.new_edit_partners$2
com/example/main/Partners.java
 com.example.main.Partners
 com.example.main.Partners$1
 com.example.main.Partners$1$1
